# User Scripts

This repository contains various [Tampermonkey](http://tampermonkey.net/) user scripts that add features to the review queue or to the chat room.

## SO Close Vote Request Generator
This script sends a `[tag:cv-pls]` message to the site's chatroom for the post you are currently viewing. It should work on any Stack Exchange site, if it doesn't then please submit an issue.

###Use Case
Close Vote requests should be used when a question meets any of the following criteria:

* Is in a low traffic tag, so unlikely to be closed naturally
* Should be closed quickly, to avoid FGITW
* Is old but attracting attention from new users

Otherwise, you should wait to see if it gets closed naturally. If the question doesn't get closed within a reasonable amount of time, then you can consider sending a close vote request. In general, large amounts of close vote requests from a single user in a short span of time is considered spam.

Sending a close vote request does not obligate any user to contribute a close vote, it is a request for others to review your close vote decision. Any user contributing their own close votes to questions you've requested a vote review for is doing so of their own prerogative. If a user thinks that you've supplied an incorrect reason or that the question is on-topic or can be easily edit into shape, they should tell you why. This does not mean that person is inherently any more correct than you are, it is an opinion.

**Please use the reason that you voted or flagged!** You are submitting a request for review of *your* close vote decision. Users will reply to your review request based on the reason that you enter. If you don't have 3000 reputation yet (and don't have close votes) you should be submitting requests for the close reason that *you* flagged it to be closed for. This is an educational tool for all of us to learn exactly what is on-topic and what is off-topic.

###Installation
To install this script [click here](https://rawgit.com/SO-Close-Vote-Reviewers/UserScripts/master/SECloseVoteRequestGenerator.user.js) or otherwise visit the following URL, and GreaseMonkey/TamperMonkey should ask you to install it.

     https://rawgit.com/SO-Close-Vote-Reviewers/UserScripts/master/SECloseVoteRequestGenerator.user.js
     
###Updating
This script has an auto-update feature. It will check for a new version every time the script is run, don't worry it is a very lightweight request. If there is an update available, the script will ask you if you want to install it automatically or not. If not, it will not remind you for that version.

To update manually you can visit the above URL again, or select <kbd>Check for updates</kbd> from the <kbd>cv-pls</kbd> menu.

###Target Chat Room
The default chat room is [SO Close Vote Reviewers](http://chat.stackoverflow.com/rooms/41570/so-close-vote-reviewers).

The room URL that you enter into the input field *must* be a valid chatroom URL. The script *will* yell at you if it is not. 

When the room selection menu is closed, the link will have the name of the current room. When the room selection menu is open, the link will say "Set target room:". Clicking on the link will open and close the room selection menu.

Copy the chatroom url from your address bar and paste it into the input field below the room list. Clicking <kbd>Set</kbd> adds the room to the room list and sets it as the default room for that site. Per-site metas and Stack Exchange sub domains each have their own settings.

###Sending Requests
Requests generated by this script will be in the following format and can be sent whether you are in the target room or not, as long as you have write access. 

    [tag:cv-pls] reason [title](url) - [user](url) time

1. Select <kbd>Send request</kbd> from the <kbd>cv-pls</kbd> menu.
  *  Or press <kbd>ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>shift</kbd>+<kbd>a</kbd>
2. Enter your reason into the input provided.
  *  Any markdown that is acceptable in chat is acceptable in the reason dialog.
3. Click <kbd>Send</kbd> or press <kbd>enter</kbd> to submit the request. 

A notification will pop-up if the request was sent successfully.

###Short Reasons
This script has a short reason replacement feature. The script will split the reason that you entered by space characters, any piece of the string that is an exact match for any of the following letters will be replace with its corresponding long reason.

* `t: too broad` 
* `u: unclear`
* `p: pob`
* `d: duplicate`
* `m: no mcve`
* `r: no repro`
* `s: superuser`
* `f: serverfault`
* `l: library/tool/resource`
* `g: gimme-teh-codez`
